OSDOCS-20693: adds RHCL 1.4.2 async release note (#115432)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhcl-relnotes-1.4.2-z-stream.adoc

// Module used in the following assemblies
//
// *release_notes/rhcl-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="rhcl-relnotes-1.4.2-z-stream_{context}"]
= {product-title} 1.4.2 bug fix and security update

Issued: 23 July 2026

[role="_abstract"]
{product-title} release 1.4.2 is now available. A description is available in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2026:xxxxx[RHBA-2026:xxxxx] advisory. {product-title} uses the `stable` update channel to track and receive updates for the {product-title} Operator. You can manage how your updates are applied through your Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) subscription resource. For more information, see xref:../updating/updating-rhcl.adoc#proc-update-rhcl-with-web-console_updating-rhcl[Updating Red Hat Connectivity Link].

[id="rhcl-relnotes-1.4.2-z-stream-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

> * Previously, if you had both authentication policies and external body processing enabled, API requests larger than 1MB could intermittently suffer data corruption. This happened because Envoy accidentally dropped 16KB of the request body when the `wasm-shim` filter paused the stream to check credentials. The result was broken payloads reaching backend services 40-80 percent of the time. The fix removes the unnecessary filter flag, `allow_on_headers_stop_iteration`, ensuring that Envoy correctly preserves and flushes the entire request buffer. With this release, payload corruption on large API requests no longer happens. (https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/CONNLINK-1311[CONNLINK-1311])

Reviewer: Just a couple things on this which I've tried to cover in a reword:
- It's any kuadrant/rhcl policy, not just auth ones
- The data corruption is only for subsequent filters in the filter chain when using any wasm filter + `allow_on_headers_stop_iteration`, not the backend service / upstream

Feel free to throw away the suggestion though, I'm not sure how accurate this really needs to be

```suggestion
* Previously, API requests larger than 1MB could experience intermittent data corruption when RHCL policies were used alongside additional Envoy filters that process the request body. This occurred due to how Envoy handled paused streams while the `allow_on_headers_stop_iteration` flag was enabled. Depending on timing, if an early-chain WASM filter paused the stream, the initial 16KB chunk of the request body failed to reach subsequent filters. As a result, broken payloads reached those downstream filters 40-80 percent of the time. This release resolves the issue by removing the unnecessary flag, ensuring Envoy correctly preserves and flushes the entire request buffer. Payload corruption on large API requests no longer occurs. (https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/CONNLINK-1311[CONNLINK-1311])
```
